Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You should ask Jeffrey
for make-up tips.
He's very talented.
Welcome.
Please have a seat.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
This quarter's paperwork?
Your shareholder proxy forms
and trust receipts.
The wire transfer will be
processed this evening.
Thank you.
So...
The chairwoman is waiting.
My grandmother?
- Grandmother.
- You haven't answered my texts.
I've been busy with school.
Aren't you done with school?
Lawyer Sun. give us a moment.
Of course.
Your student visa is expiring.
is it not?
It is.
But Lawyer Sun is arranging
an extension.
There is no need
for an extension.
We are acquiring KPMH.
a multinational corporation in
control of 15 fashion brands.
They are looking
for a creative director.
- Grandmother.
- The board has already approved
my recommendation.
You can now continue
the family tradition.
make use of your talents.
and protect your grandfather's
legacy.
I have told you several times.
I don't want to work
for the company.
You are not working
You are the company.
I've been too lenient after
your parents died.
I've given you seven years
to do whatever you want.
Your grandfather has grown
impatient.
If you do not accept
this offer.
he will force you to come back
to Korea.
Do you understand?
Tell me.
What am I supposed to say
at my PFLAG meeting tonight?
How are you. Grandmother?
You asked to see me.
Are you in some kind
of trouble?
No. not at all!
I just wanted to share
some news.
I'm getting married.
Married?
Yes.
Her name is Angela Chen.
Who is her family?
Her family?
It's just her mother.
They're not a famous family
or anything like that.
What does she do?
She's a scientist.
She researches plastic eating
worms.
Plastic eating worms?
Yes. it's eco-friendly.
Are you sure she's not marrying
you for our money?
Our money?
Well. in a sense...
No. no.
That's not it.
- In what sense?
- It's nothing!
This is not about our money.
We'll see about that.
No!
What do you mean?
I mean you can if you want.
of course.
I'm just saying you don't need
to.
She's not the kind of person.
Gotta go.
What's come over you?
It was a joke.
Everything I do.
I do for you.
You know that.
You must be very tired.
Wouldn't the company penthouse
be better?
You'll be more comfortable
there.
No.
I will stay with you and Angela.
Those are our tenants.
They live in the guesthouse.
The marriage license.
I know.
We'll get married this Friday...
I am not an idiot.
You want me to believe
you're sleeping with that woman?
Ew. Grandmother!
What are you talking about?
You know what I mean.
We never had to talk about
this before.
What did you do?
What trouble have you caused?
Or is she blackmailing you
because she's discovered you're
gay and from a wealthy family?
What?
No. Angela is gay. too!
Even worse.
A lesbian snake!
What is this preposterous plan?
Are you all stupid?
Or is life so boring
that you're determined to ruin
each other's lives?
Your grandfather is expecting
a wedding.
Our relatives and our
acquaintances. as well.
If only you had been honest
with me earlier--
I can't be honest!
You never gave me the chance.
I am also to blame.
I'll admit that.
But I thought you...
would grow out of it.
I'll correct my mistake.
We must have a wedding.
I will have Lawyer Sun invite
our employees here.
We will take photos and publish
them in the newspapers.
Your grandfather will believe it
if it's in the newspapers.
Your grandfather doesn't have
long to live.
Neither do I.
It will buy us all time.
Do this for me
and I won't force you to join
the family business.
Is that a promise?
Why do they live in the house
and you stay in a barn?
This is Lee's house.
I didn't mean for you to
find out like this.
I wish I could have told you
some other way.
This is not the future
I wanted for you.
But I can't make you
the grandson I wanted you to be.
Do you need anything?
Can I get you some water?
This room could work for
the pyebaek ceremony.
I agree.
Do you not like the outfit?
Did you tell her?
Angela's mother kept talking
about some meeting.
Some club for parents?
Americans have a lot of clubs.
She wants me to come with her.
She says there's lots of talking
and laughing and crying.
Americans like to sit in circles
and laugh and cry.
So.
she's not insane.
Just American.
Yes. Just American.
Angela's mother is very pleased
that her daughter is a lesbian.
Yes.
Your friend...
Chris... Are his parents
pleased. also?
Yes. I think so.
Not as much as Angela's mother.
A normal amount of pleased.
Have you met them?
Yes.
Grandmother.
which ones are the sons
and which ones are
the daughters?
I forgot.
Lawyer Sun.
which ones are the sons
and which ones
are the daughters?
I...
don't remember either.
Does anybody else know?
We're all done here today
and arrangements are set
for city hall.
Honey...
It's okay.
Everything's okay.
Tell Mama.
What happened?
Maybe you'll be worse than me.
HYUN'S GRANDSON
MARRIES PRIVATELY IN SEATTLE
Why did they take photos
of that?
I remember everyone looked
so happy
in cousin Woobin's wedding
photos.
They looked happy because
it was real.
Grandmother.
how was your wedding?
Did you enjoy it?
How could I have enjoyed it?
I married someone
I didn't love...
like you.
This is almost over.
Get your marriage license.
Lawyer Sun will take it
from there.
My stupid idea.
This is all my fault.
I'm sorry.
I have spent much time here
looking at your art.
You...
bring these small individual
pieces together
to create something meaningful
and beautiful.
I see that you have done this
with your own life.
I don't understand.
You were different from
a very early age.
I sensed it.
After your parents died.
I tried my best to protect you
from your grandfather.
I sent you away.
I was only trying to protect you
with money.
I never realized what you truly
needed was a family.
But here.
by yourself
you created your own family.
Just like your art.
A family that you care
for deeply
and that cares for you.
I hope someday you can do what
you want. because I couldn't.
I hope you can love who
This is my wedding gift to you.
No matter what anyone says.
you are my grandson.
Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm